---
title: 'About'
date: 2018-02-22T17:01:34+07:00
layout: 'page'
---

CarbonTracker rates and certifies house designs based on the greenhouse gas emissions released in the manufacture of the building materials used in the design.

The aim of the certification process is to encourage the residential construction industry to reduce the use of carbon intensive building materials and help our community to reduce the level of greenhouse gas emissions contributed by the construction industry.

Whilst progress is being made on the emissions caused by “operating” the house
(heating and cooling), little attention has been paid to the emissions generated by the making of construction materials. CarbonTracker addresses this gap.

CarbonTracker audits the “materials take-off” list (which includes materials and quantities proposed for the design), as submitted by designers, developers or owners, and calculates the total greenhouse gas emissions generated in the manufacture of that type and quantity of materials.

The calculation is done using a materials database created by CarbonTracker, which draws on leading academic and industry research. The rating is calculated on a “per square metre” basis, thus enabling comparison across the domestic housing construction industry in Australia.

The “emissions embedded” assessment in turn leads to the issuing of a CarbonCheck certificate in relation to the house design, verifying its overall emissions total and its per square metre rating. The CarbonCheck certificate also provides a relative rating which indicates whether the house design is above or below average for that type of design.

All CarbonCheck certificates are available online for public access. This enables consumers to check the emissions embedded (or “carbon content”) of the houses they have or intent to purchase.

CarbonTracker believes that making this information available to the marketplace will over time drive a reduction in carbon-intensive building materials and thereby contribute significantly to a reduction in overall greenhouse gas emissions.
