README.md, before:

# Jekyll Serif Theme

Serif is a modern business theme for Jekyll. It contains multiple content types for a typical business website. The theme is fully responsive, blazing fast and artfully illustrated.

[Live Demo](https://jekyll-serif.netlify.app/) | 
[Zerostatic Themes](https://www.zerostatic.io)

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/zerostatic" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 60px !important;width: 217px !important;" ></a>

![Jekyll Serif Theme screenshot](https://www.zerostatic.io/theme/jekyll-serif/jekyll-serif-screenshot.png)

### Theme features

- Jekyll 4.2
- Netlify & Github Pages ready
- Services (Collection)
- Team (Collection)
- Features (Data)
- SCSS
- Responsive design
- Responsive hamburger and slide in menu
- Bootstrap 4.6
- Only the bootstrap grid and utilites are imported by default. If you want to use more of the Boostrap library you can uncomment the `@import` in `style.scss`
- 100/100 Google Lighthouse speed score
- 100/100 Google Lighthouse seo score
- 100/100 Google Lighthouse accessibility score
- 100/100 Google Lighthouse best practices score
- Under 50KB without images or 80KB with images and illustrations ⚡
- Under 20KB without Google fonts ⚡⚡⚡
- Robust example content included
- Royalty free illustrations included


## Installation

### Installing Ruby & Jekyll
 
If this is your first time using Jekyll, please follow the [Jekyll docs](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/installation/) and make sure your local environment (including Ruby) is setup correctly.

### Installing Theme

Download or clone the theme.

To run the theme locally, navigate to the theme directory and run:

```
bundle install
``` 

To start the Jekyll local development server.

```
bundle exec jekyll serve
``` 

To build the theme.
 
```
bundle exec jekyll build
```

## Deployment

### Netlify

Use Netlify to deploy this theme. This theme contains a valid and tested `netlify.toml` - Feel free to use the 1-click deploy below.

[![Deploy to Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/zerostaticthemes/jekyll-serif-theme)

### Github Pages
This theme has been tested to work with Github Pages (and Github Project Pages). When using Github Pages you will need to update the `baseurl` in the `_config.yml` otherwise all the css, images and paths will be broken.

For example the site https://zerostaticthemes.github.io/jekyll-serif-theme would have `baseurl: "/jekyll-serif-theme/"`

## Extras

### License

- You cannot create ports of this theme
- You cannot re-sell this theme

### Credits 

- Beautiful royalty free Illustrations by Icons8 - https://icons8.com/illustrations/style--pixeltrue
- Stock images by Unsplash - https://unsplash.com/
- Feature icons by Noun Project - https://thenounproject.com/

### Other Jekyll Themes by Zerostatic

- [Jekyll Serif](https://github.com/zerostaticthemes/jekyll-serif-theme)
- [Jekyll Advance](https://www.zerostatic.io/theme/jekyll-advance/)

🇦🇺 **Made in Australia** by Robert Austin - leave a star mate!

Commit message:

added fabform.io endpoints to forms

README.md, after:

# Jekyll Serif Theme

Serif is a modern business theme for Jekyll. It contains multiple content types for a typical business website. The theme is fully responsive, blazing fast and artfully illustrated.

[Live Demo](https://jekyll-serif.netlify.app/) | 
[Zerostatic Themes](https://www.zerostatic.io)

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/zerostatic" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 60px !important;width: 217px !important;" ></a>

![Jekyll Serif Theme screenshot](https://www.zerostatic.io/theme/jekyll-serif/jekyll-serif-screenshot.png)

### Theme features

- Jekyll 4.2
- Netlify & Github Pages ready
- Services (Collection)
- Team (Collection)
- Features (Data)
- SCSS
- Responsive design
- Responsive hamburger and slide in menu
- Bootstrap 4.6
- Only the bootstrap grid, utilites,forms and buttons are imported by default. If you want to use more of the Boostrap library you can uncomment the `@import` in `style.scss`
- 100/100 Google Lighthouse seo score
- 100/100 Google Lighthouse accessibility score
- 100/100 Google Lighthouse best practices score
- Under 50KB without images or 80KB with images and illustrations ⚡
- Under 20KB without Google fonts ⚡⚡⚡
- Robust example content included
- Royalty free illustrations included


## Installation

### Installing Ruby & Jekyll
 
If this is your first time using Jekyll, please follow the [Jekyll docs](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/installation/) and make sure your local environment (including Ruby) is setup correctly.

### Installing Theme

Download or clone the theme.

To run the theme locally, navigate to the theme directory and run:

```
bundle install
``` 

To start the Jekyll local development server.

```
bundle exec jekyll serve
``` 

To build the theme.
 
```
bundle exec jekyll build
```

## Deployment

## Forms
[fabform.io](https://fabform.io)

```
Navigate to https://fabform.io, create an account and endpoint.
In _layouts/contact.html, replace {insert-endpoint-here} with your new fabform.io endpoint id.
```

### Netlify

Use Netlify to deploy this theme. This theme contains a valid and tested `netlify.toml` - Feel free to use the 1-click deploy below.

[![Deploy to Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/zerostaticthemes/jekyll-serif-theme)

### Github Pages
This theme has been tested to work with Github Pages (and Github Project Pages). When using Github Pages you will need to update the `baseurl` in the `_config.yml` otherwise all the css, images and paths will be broken.

For example the site https://zerostaticthemes.github.io/jekyll-serif-theme would have `baseurl: "/jekyll-serif-theme/"`

## Extras

### License

- You cannot create ports of this theme
- You cannot re-sell this theme

### Credits 

- Beautiful royalty free Illustrations by Icons8 - https://icons8.com/illustrations/style--pixeltrue
- Stock images by Unsplash - https://unsplash.com/
- Feature icons by Noun Project - https://thenounproject.com/

### Other Jekyll Themes by Zerostatic

- [Jekyll Serif](https://github.com/zerostaticthemes/jekyll-serif-theme)
- [Jekyll Advance](https://www.zerostatic.io/theme/jekyll-advance/)

🇦🇺 **Made in Australia** by Robert Austin - leave a star mate!
