docs/about.md, before:

---
title: About
layout: page
description: About Us
bodyClass: page-about
---

## What Is '**[organization-name]**'?

Founded by students from the University of Victoria (UVic) on September 9th, 2022; **[organization-name]**’s goal is to unify UVic’s existing study space booking systems under one centralized system that can be both filterable and easy to use for students.

This goal of ours was motivated by the lacking of a centralized study space booking system, with most of these current UVic systems fragmented across buildings; causing confusion or wasted time for students.

To approach this issue, [organization-name] intends to provide UVic students with our developed centralized website, [organization-name], for them to comfortably book study space rooms through.

![Accounting Services](/images/mcphersonLibraryandmearnscentrebooking.jpg)
> Current Study Space Booking System for UVic's **McPherson Library**, **Mearns Centre**, and **Priestly Law Library**

## About **UVic**

The **University of Victoria** is one of the largest post-secondary institutions in British Columbia, with over twenty thousand undergraduate and graduate students enrolled. 

In such a large university like this, it can be challenging for students to find study spaces on campus, especially with how complicated the university has made it; with its current set of systems being spread across different websites.

However, with a dedicated website for booking study spaces like **[organization-name]** where everything is centralized and filterable, the process could be streamlined considerably and made easier.

![Accounting Services](/images/uvic1152-768.jpg)
> Campus of the **University of Victoria**

Commit message:

renamed organization to studyup and added line

docs/about.md, after:

---
title: About
layout: page
description: About Us
bodyClass: page-about
---

## What Is '**StudyUp**'?

Founded by students from the University of Victoria (UVic) on September 9th, 2022; **StudyUp**’s goal is to unify UVic’s existing study space booking systems under one centralized system that can be both filterable and easy to use for students.

This goal of ours was motivated by the lacking of a centralized study space booking system, with most of these current UVic systems fragmented across buildings; causing confusion or wasted time for students.

To approach this issue, StudyUp intends to provide UVic students with our developed centralized website, StudyUp, for them to comfortably book study space rooms through.

![Accounting Services](/images/mcphersonLibraryandmearnscentrebooking.jpg)
> Current Study Space Booking System for UVic's **McPherson Library**, **Mearns Centre**, and **Priestly Law Library**

----

## About **UVic**

The **University of Victoria** is one of the largest post-secondary institutions in British Columbia, with over twenty thousand undergraduate and graduate students enrolled. 

In such a large university like this, it can be challenging for students to find study spaces on campus, especially with how complicated the university has made it; with its current set of systems being spread across different websites.

However, with a dedicated website for booking study spaces like **StudyUp** where everything is centralized and filterable, the process could be streamlined considerably and made easier.

![Accounting Services](/images/uvic1152-768.jpg)
> **University of Victoria**
